Documented how to set-up a website for new provider repos (#802)
hashicorp/terraform-website: README.md

- If you're using a CLI search tool like [`ag`](https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher), `cd` into the `content/source` directory and use the `--follow` / `-f` option with your search (or whatever option makes your tool of choice follow symlinks).
- Deinit all when you're done, and close your terminal tab so you can get your normal prompt back.

### New provider repositories

When creating a completely new provider repository, a few extra steps are required to be able to render the docs.

- Start by creating a layout in `terraform-provider-your-provider/website`.

>   See [#navigation-sidebars] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See [Navigation Sidebars](#navigation-sidebars) for more details.
```

> - To simplify the following steps, set the appropriate repository name, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To simplify the following steps, set an environment variable in your shell with your provider name, like
```
